## 2019-04-01 Member's Meeting

Minutes recorded by: **?**

Members in attendance: **Josh, Noah, John, Bee, Ben**

---

## ALTSpace Meeting Agenda

**4/1/2019**

**Next meeting: Entry system, Internet**

In Attendance: Josh, Noah, John, Bee, Ben (remotely)

## Financials

Cancelling Wave and switching to the $13 internet.

* How many more members do we need?
* Members have: 
  * 27 total
  * 5 Pro Need: 2 - can support 4 more(Including garages) 
  * 17 Basic  Need: 22
  * Scholarship: 4 Need: 3
  * Supporter: 1 Need: 1
  * (Need: Covers rent)
  * Goal: Continue upward trend, get to full up on Pro Members
  * Goal: Getting to revenue Neutral, and how can be flexible

	Currently: $2,865
  
Goal: 

* Donovan maybe help with building the website?
* Thermometer on website
  * For how close we are to our goal of lowering membership fees
  * Priority to building new site for ease of use?
  * Including gallery and membership portal
  * And available spaces
* Electrical metering
  * Ron and electrical bill getting sorted, also talking to electrician about the garage spaces.

## Promotion and Networking

* Relationship with Coyote Central
  * Ben can head this talking to Claudia about collaboration. Not time-sensitive.
  * Adult day care?
  * Chicken collaboration?
* Who can take point on Promotion and Networking.
  * Taylor who Ben met?
  * Josh would love to help out with pictures. 
  * Bee doing a Twitter and Instagram MeetUp - figure out pricing?
  * Ben will do a LinkedIn
* Tabling at local events - 
  * sculpture contest Donovan - Georgetown Festival (June 8)
    * Winner gets a 3 month scholarship to ALTSpace
    * Mini MakerFaire is still sorting out their plans, will apply when it is up
    * GeekGirlCon and PAX? Costume repair space?
* Trade schools
  * Fliers and posters maybe give them to members to put places.
* Student or other Discounts
  * Seattle Central has woodworking, not sure about others
  * Seattle U?
  * Collaboration with CoMotion/The Mill
  * Discount for pay up front for multiple months
* first month free promo? - Not yet
* Impact HUB
* BMORG
  * Ben can talk to them about promotion which would be amazing
  * Get some more non-Ignition Burners

## Internal Member Tools

* Use Burner Connect?
  * App/Website, we can get codes to create groups and see who has/can do what
  * Collaboration tool
  * Possible link to keypad / checkin

## Space Use and Maintenance
* Garage swap
  * Went smoothly, good team tiem
  * Garage code: 4206
  * Need John to come back from vacation to set up electricity
* Check-in on Volunteer program
  * Still building up
* Painting Plan?
  * Let’s do some MeetUps for it as soon as the space is cleared for painting
  * H.O.M.E Happy Order MeetUp Event. :P Get everything in North Space in order
* Construct Galleries
  * For dividers? Or to hang paintings and pieces
* Schedule work days
  * See above, maybe quarterly or Monthly after initial painting. 
* Epic project
  * Keep discussion going
* Internet - engage Ron on CenturyLink drop? Building internet? Other plan?
* Other space use concerns?
* Soundproofing the north space
* Tool library - must be a member, need accountability/inventory system
  * Maybe dedicated tools for borrowing
  * Collaboration with other tool libraries? (South and West)

## Events

* Monthly Burner Potluck
  * Proposal for Weekly use For hosting, where “We” are not the hosts, but it is at ALTSpace.
  * Oberon - April, JD - May, Bee - June
* Calendar on website
  * Yes, let us talk to Donovan/Josh
* Past Events
  * Logo workshop, Flame Effects, Leadership Conference
    * Looked good 
    * Made some money from doing a pass-around donation
* Next month priority: 
  * Electrical set up
  * Set up Social Medias, including MeetUp

## Compass Document Review
* Bans through RAC?

