## 2019-02-04 Member's Meeting

Minutes recorded by: **Ben?**

Members in attendance: **Dan, John, Noah, JD, Ben, Bee, Alex, Thomas, Oberon, Dianne**

---

# ALTSpace Meeting
Who’s here? - Member directory needed!
* Dan - Meshnet, started at ALTSpace when 17. Meshnet, currently in school.
* John - Started in 2013, cutting mirrors
* Noah - 2014 started with Lightsweeper project. Metalworking and electronics.
* JD - 2016 Harmoniscope project, just started being a member. Making infinity mirrors. Can help with sourcing.
* Ben - 
* Bee - Ran Seattle Attic, accepting and comfortable. 
* Alex started Feb 2nd. Electronics, painting, 
* Thomas - Joined in Feb. Does electronics, wants to get into wearables.
* Oberon - Joined in Feb, gemstones and fixin shit. Shop teacher. 
* Dianne - Joined up Sunday. Making clothes and miniatures. Programmer - interactive design.

Needs
* Metal Lathe
* Oscilloscope - would cost 400 - Noah 

Meeting time: 

* Burner Connect and integration with our website



Space issues
* Glassblowing Garage reorientation - meeting with Ron getting electrical panels up to spec. Swap garages with Charlie, set a date for Ignition storage.
* Kevin back in May, CNC router in the little room. 
* Hanging gallery price tag and 

* 206-309-9123  : goes to Noah
* Who wants to help own? Ben, Jaz, Jacob, Donovan, Daniel
* Monthly Burner potlucks anyone want to spearhead the next?
  * Class / Workshops
  * Send google doc.
  * Oberon on Mar 
  * JD will host in April
  * Bee for May
* Noah’s scholarship proposal
* Need an epic project
  * Burner project reality TV with security cameras
  * Dynamic hammock - Noah
  * JD
* Business Issues
  * Internet Program - Lucky? 
    * Offer internet drops for Seattle
    * Ron may help out - CenturyLink fiber, needs to access for the drop
    * Coyote share?
  * Registering INW ALTSpace, LLC?
  * New Bank account (Also Critical Account)
  * Register altspace.org in July.
* Pricing Model implemented
  * Thermometer on website - communication with members they need to recruit.
  * Discounted for HS students - Garfield across the way?
Area host approach - designated point person for equipment

* Workshops and Events
  * Structure, who can give?
  * Actively solicit leaders
* Bans from ALTSpace - how decided?
  * Rental to other mission aligned orgs
  * Camp fundraisers
    * Percentage of Event? - someone has to enforce
    * OR Flat Rate
  * Burner gallery in the northspace
  * Workshops as member benefit
* Committee transition from FireHome WG - report
  * Reengage Eva and other Alums
* Budget for Signage?
* Attic Document Library
* Skills library pairing people - burner connect v. website
* Relationships
  * Equinox - Tumbleweed and Kay
  * Nation of Makers
  * Maker Faire - history
  * Pratt
* Marketing Plan
  * News stories
  * Tabling at events
  * Scavenge Metrix - any headway?
  * Burn publicity
* Noah developing access system - Pollination proposal
* Policies
  * Women only hours?
  * Who gets free access?
    * Board members
    * Committee Chairs
* Events - need point person
  * Neighbor Engagement
  * Community Center next door
  * Coyote Central
    * Want mentorship programs for teens
    * Follow up on Winter Fest
* Property Manager job description
* External support - need fundraising / development / grant committee
  * BMORG
  * Seattle Arts and Culture
  * 4 Culture
  * Seattle Foundation
  * FireHome WG - ALTSpace Proposal
* Tabling / Collaboration
  * Maker Faire, Hempfest, Kids and Youth, Social Justice
