## 2019-08-05 Member's Meeting

Minutes recorded by: **?**

Members in attendance: **?**

---

**5 August 2019**

**Financials:**
* Need to push the supporter membership
* Want to use the north as Event space, workshops.

**Maintenance**
* Reseal the floors
* New leak

**Communication Channels**
* Need to have “the way” rather than 

Scholarships / Docents

* Running workshops can count.

How do we prioritize usage of the space?

**Plan for the Northspace**
* Events - bring your broken things to fix. 
* Whitewash. Grant to hire Muralist.
* H.O.M.E Happy Order MeetUp Event

Dozer’s warehouse

Electrical happening

Compass - priority use of the space. Scheduling and Accountability. How do you get someone to cede their time.
* Usage fee for overuse. Accountability unless it’s someone’s job.
