## 2019-01-07 Member's Meeting

Minutes recorded by: **?**

Members in attendance: **?**

---

Winter Festival Report
* 27 total vendors - great feedback so far on offerings
* Pretty nonstop traffic, 12+ tours, haven’t had follow-up from anyone yet though.
  * Lots of neighbors + Coyote Central
  * Circle about feedback and impressions
* Two vendors had gypsy in their names and needed to change their names.
  * Lean back on code of conduct. 
  * Possibly put information packet on the front end.
* At EC, discussed it didn’t feel like people were particularly welcoming.
* Vendors were good.
* Feedback forms being collected
* LNT crew focused mostly on 
* Megan’s lights - Bee will ping
  * Coffee Maker overfilled and left a big stain.
  * Heater with Apple Cider
  * Vendors
  * Budget $600.
  * Actuals: Total Sales $319 alcohol - expenses? Ship grant?

Compass
* Who would do we report problems to? Protocol, altspace@
* Post in the space
* Problems with leadership? Have specific email addresses available
* Historically was the leaseholders that made the decision. New pricing structure has idea of voting membership, so we can bring up as business at the next meeting.
* If you start to tell someone how to do something without asking you will be requested to teach a class.

Maintenance
* Pipe drainage still a problem
* Heater in the Workspace
* Waiting for quote from electrician
* Chime system
* Painting 
  * Weekly painting day?
  * Put pictures on the website

Membership
* Can’t hold space, pottery needs to move on it
* Noah’s scholarship proposal
  * What happens if you’re late. 15 min of grace, otherwise counted as a no-show.
  * Gamifying tasks - star the tasks that haven’t been done, additional bonus for the undone tasks.
* Northspace > The Fireplace, South space > Workspace
  * May reenforce division of the space.
* Trade garage spaces with neighbor - need to move Ignition stuff and Charlie’s stuff.
* Monthly Burner potlucks (next is 14 Jan) - kill the kegs potluck, the last remnants of SeaComp. Last year’s beer.
* Scotland was involved in Metrix, she’s got some stuff - send out to their listserve - do you need a space? SoDo as well, can we scavenge. Has equipment that needs new homes.
* Baily with GlowForge will donate / give low cost. Approved space and insurance situation.

Internet
* Application process - offer to others, fiber line for community benefit. We could offer drops for the neighbors upstairs, community benefit.
* Check in with Rebecca, send notice to Noah, he will check in with Dan Meshnet

Layout
* Move Electronics Bench and Laser cutter into garage 11, woodshop in 9
  * Bee talking to GlowForge about the laser cutter, possible discount or donation
