## 2019-06-03 Member's Meeting

Minutes recorded by: **?**

Members in attendance: **Kevin, Bee, Ben, Noah, Stephanie, Thomas**

---

# June ALTSpace Meeting Agenda

**6/3/2019** 

**In Attendance: Kevin, Bee, Ben, Noah, Stephanie, Thomas**

**From Last Meeting:**

	Membership updates:
  
	Logo Updates:
  
**New Topics:**

	Cleaning Schedule, better ways to communicate need
  
	New Membership ideas
	
Tabling at Recycled Arts Sat 12-10pm
* Oberon can take evening (6-10)
* Kevin (12-2) Setup
* Noah (2-4)
* Someone 4-6 - Donovan, board members

Do we need power or a generator. 

Setup
* Table
* Fliers

Maker Faire

Membership ideas:
* Discount rates for grantees to get projects here, then you can keep discounted rate if you stay.
* Stickier by discounted membership signing up for multiple months.
* Possible discount for duration - $10 off per year of membership.
* Evening of childcare once a week - have to set max and volunteer schedule. Kids Village. Need to figure out age range.
  * Insurance and legality issues.

Water in the space

Meeting with Ron
* Lease
* Electrical upgrades
* Water
* Door improvement

Critical
* Black rock hardware - doesn’t Deacon do something like this? Oberon is willing to help.
* Heather dremel tooling?
* Community resource isn’t commodification

Any additional follow-up on Julia’s email?

Electric Sky Art and Tech weekend retreat at Shelly and Greg’s place (150 ppl)
* July 25-28
* Push ALTSpace
