## 2021-05-03 Member's Meeting

Minutes recorded by: **Noah**

Members in attendance: **Matthew, Aidan, Ben, Kevin, Salt, Noah**

---

Thanks so much to Matthew, Aidan, Ben, Kevin, and Salt for joining this month's meeting, we had some very productive conversation and a lovely time.

We voted 6/6 to start using Jitsi for all future meetings, and even managed to transition the meeting to Jitsi partway through. There may be some slight logistical challenges setting up a permanent unchanging meeting URI, but several potential solutions were discussed. Stay tuned for further updates, our next meeting will be on Monday, June 7th.

We also confirmed the last-minute board nominations of both Aidan (6/6) and myself (5/6).

Other than that, we talked a bit about signage (we are waiting for construction before we start installing any new permanent signs, but Aidan is going to try pressure washing our name into the sidewalk).

We had some very fruitful discussion about bylaws and the mechanics of implementing a functional maker space. We're hoping to have a member-wide vote for the enacting of some bylaws possibly as early as our next meeting, so if you haven't had a chance to look at or interact with the proposed bylaws yet, please check out the [mailing list discussion](https://groups.google.com/g/altspace-seattle/c/61EyTI7mYYA/m/9m-I82-zAgAJ).

We talked briefly about the wood shop move. The new wood shop is ripe and ready to have more tools moved into it. Any wood workers or other potentially interested parties are encouraged to build or move shelves, workbenches, and tools into the new shop at your discretion. In case you didn't know, the new shop is to the right of the current wood shop/main entrance and the code for it is 4697. You can check out [this thread](https://groups.google.com/g/altspace-seattle/c/uI7TFBlz4y8/m/owoC4YgOAgAJ) for some inspiration.

Thanks again and I hope you have a lovely week!
