## 2021-12-06 Member's Meeting

Minutes recorded by: **Aidan, Michael**

7 Members in attendance: **Aiden, Andrew, Bryan, Matt, Michael, Valerie**

---

## Heat

Val brought up the concern about the lack of heat.

Andrew: traced power from the heaters to the thermostat by the side door.
Looked like someone had previously pulled the thermostat out, but he didn't
want to mess with it further.

Val: Should the landlord take care of that? Is it in the lease? (lease is by
the side door)

(Any input from folks who are in the know is welcome)

## Woodshop

The woodshop is a very (the most?) busy desirable space right now.

- Longer term we can look into getting the north space back (if the numbers pan
out, it would require a capitol investment), or consider alternative spaces,
but in the immediate term we have ratified the following proposal:

Ankur: (via noah) there *was* some incentive in renting north and south space
together from landlord since north space can be accessed from south space.

Ankur: Having front facing space is good advertising.

Aidan: garage front is nice. We have some duplicate tools, maybe even having
two woodshop spaces is doable.  Let's take account after new insurance is due,
since there might be ramifications.

Ankur: biggest bottleneck is access to tablesaw. When scheduleing - indicate if
youâ€™re open to sharing the space or if you want the entire shop. do you need:
table saw, cross cut saw, assembly

Bryan: proposed maybe there be some kind of per-member hours budget

Ankur: maybe that will discourage new members...

### Calendaring Proposal

When reserving time on the shared calendar:
- Members are asked to include contact information on their bookings
on the calendar so that multiple people using the space can be negotiated.
- Members should limit schedule bookings to 4 hours maximum and will lose
priority if more than 15 minutes late to their booking.
- Unanimously approved across 7 members

## Vending machine update from Michael:
- still looking through leads, many folks have flaked. Noah has a lead (Matt)
who is interested in it. We are working on having it extracted.
- in 1 week we will authorize spending to borrow a truck for up to 50$ to get
the vending machine for matt if noah has not been able to assist us.


## "Buying Things" Proposal

- [Full
Proposal text
here](https://github.com/Air-Light-Time-Space/wiki/compare/mkirk/buying-things),
but basically: To help maintain the space, any member can purchase up to $50 of
supplies from this pre-authorized list and expect a prompt reimbursement:
<https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/17nph-7mVd-YzlKXFxk2uTholVokZJ7OVb105P4w_eaY/edit#gid=0>
- The treasurer reserves the right to veto a reimbursement in cases of abuse.
- Unanimously approved across 6 members (Andrew had to leave before we voted)

## PSAs

- PSA: Val is a hero for cleaning the microwave
- PSA 2: use sensitive power strips so that we dont keep triggering the breakers
- PSA 3: Huge thanks to Michael for helping me with the meeting notes today!
