## 2021-10-04 Member's Meeting

Minutes recorded by: **Aidan**

Members in attendance: **3 attending members**

---

Hello All,
Just a reminder:
Our monthly member meetings are held every first Monday of the month at 6:30 on Jitsi. The link to join is always posted here and in the discord.... save for this Monday evidently. In the future, the email notifications will be automated and the link will be static. The meetings are a time where any member at basic level or higher can propose purchases of new tools or parts, changes to rules, or raise any concerns they may have about the space. The vast majority of decisions affecting the maker space are made at these meetings democratically by the attending members.

Here is a summary of today's meeting:
3 attending member came to a full consensus on the following:
- follow up with Val and see how the sewing machines need servicing. Altspace budget should be used for any parts or services needed
- thread should be acquired for all sewing machines
- a new iron should be acquired for the sewing area
- our current iron should be discarded
- Marshall is authorized to place flytraps around the space

Additionally, the following comments were made:
- folks need to be cleaning up after themselves. Some amount of custodial work is not yet happening. This may also fit into our current scholarship options for folks seeking less expensive basic memberships
- we should investigate the band saw. It is not able to cut through wood or aluminum anymore. Unsure if repairs or replacement are needed. If any member can take a look and post their findings here or in the discord that would be wonderful!
- we should look into having stewards for each area.
