## 2021-04-19 Member's Meeting

Minutes recorded by: **Noah**

Members in attendance: **Kevin, Vera, Aidan, Matthew, Dan, Noah**

---

Thanks to Kevin, Vera, Aidan, Matthew, and Dan for attending this month's meeting! Since we have still not yet enacted any bylaws we counted all relevant votes, but for the sake of transparency Dan, Aidan, and myself would all be considered non-voting "legacy" members under the [current draft proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DYWS71KGy0eut2i6Xbg5lWClZB_6b8Tqlc-VYkAB080/edit?usp=sharing) of the bylaws.

We voted to elect an initial board of directors consisting of:

Mars (6/6 votes)

Kevin (6/6 votes)

Vera (5/6 votes)

Aidan (6/6 votes)

Myself (6/6 votes)

Since Aidan threw himself into the ring at the last minute (and I threw myself back into the ring) you can have a chance to confirm the two of us at our next member's meeting.

As I explained at the meeting we're gonna be kind of in a "dry run" mode for a hot second until we get our bylaws fully ratified. Basically as of now I'll endeavor to carry out the wishes of the board as elected even though they are not yet listed on our official paperwork in order to ease the transition to the new leadership.

We also voted 5/6 (+1 prevote) to [donate $500 to the Local Connectivity Lab](https://groups.google.com/g/altspace-seattle/c/iqypxIRi6Po/m/TUNoE4_qAQAJ) in regards to our last half year of being locally connected by them for free. We also voted 5/6 to move the monthly member meetings back to the first Monday of the month so the next meeting will be on May 3rd. This is still amenable to future change if it is discovered there is a day at which a maximal number of members can attend. The monthly meetings drive the major shape and progress of the space so the more engagement we can bring to them the better overall!

Other than that we talked about ways to increase digital engagement (especially during times of lockdown) and Aidan proposed creating a more accessible real-time chat environment by bridging [Matrix](https://matrix.org/) and [Discord](https://discord.com/) servers. It sounds like Aidan is willing to help set this up but would prefer not to manage the Discord side of things, so if there is anyone with experience using Discord who is interested in administering that please consider volunteering for this role!

Thanks again everyone for making it all possible!
