## 2021-03-15 Member's Meeting

Minutes recorded by: **Noah**

Members in attendance: **Kevin, Matthew, Scott, Ben, Noah**

---

Thanks Kevin, Matthew, Scott, and Ben for attending the meeting. Everyone probably wanted to go back outside to enjoy their extra hour, so the meeting was brief.

We voted for Scott to make us a sign of some sort, but decided we should talk to Ron about his plans for signage before we commit to a design. We can share ideas in the [thread devoted to that idea](https://groups.google.com/g/altspace-seattle/c/1HyVYp26wS8/m/XJPD6O6iCAAJ).

Kevin told us about himself and his aspirations to be on the board. He's a long time member who loves the space and wants to see it succeed. I've long been a fan of Kevin's and I trust him to make wise decisions. He's got my vote!

Unfortunately we didn't hear from any other prospective board members.

We decided to push the question of changing the meeting schedule to the next meeting in the hopes that more interested parties will be able to show up. That means the next meeting will be on... (checks notes)... April 19th--see you there!

We talked about how I'm terrible at leading meetings and sending reminders. I'll try to do better.

Thanks again and enjoy your hour!
