## 2021-09-01 Board Meeting

Minutes recorded by: **Stephanie** (Non-member and Noah's domestic partner)

Directors in attendance: **Noah Tippett, Vera Ranguelova, Aiden Hahn, Mars Saxman**

Directors not in attendance: **Kevin Friberg**

---

# SALTS Board Meeting, Sept 1st 2021

Attendees:
* Noah Tippett
* Vera Ranguelova
* Aiden Hahn
* Mars Saxman

Agenda: 

## Officers
Noah mentioned that there are 5 members of the board and we need 4 officers, so he’s hoping each person can step up to be an officer. There are: President, Vice president, Treasurer, Secretary. 

President
Vice President
Treasurer
Secretary

## Noah has been, and what is needed for Altspace to function
* Filing paperwork with the state and federal government for taxes etc
* Onboard new members, give tours (others can and have been helping w ith this)
* Makes sure all of our stuff like fire extinguishers are in compliance (needs tobe done but not necessarily by an officer)
* Takes out trash and cleans up space
* Keeps track of all paperwork like secretary, though not as officially as one might – could be nice to have filing cabinet in the space
* Has credit card for space and can buy stuff
* Keeps track of bank accounts – more people can be added with different limits, so can make this more complicated as needed.
* Making decisions to keep Altspace functioning – trying to do this with as much feedback and input as he can. 
* Proposing bylaws and changes to Altspace

Aiden asked whether there is something that fits in with what he’s been doing for the space – hosting meetings and giving tours is something he’s been doing. What would fit with officer position? 
Noah said this could be President/Vice president for officer, though anyone could be giving tours. Some member of the board should be at each members meeting so this could also fit with your interests. Aiden then said he understands Board; do all officers need to be elected today? An alternative might be to elect people who are willing today, but also could recruit officers at members meeting. 

Noah said we need bylaws officially voted on by the end of Sept. filing deadline. We might need officers by the time we file those bylaws. You commitment would be only til January if you’re anything but the Vice President, who becomes President the next year. Noah imagines recruiting for the board in fall, then each officer chooses their successor in January. 

Vera asked if someone needs to leave the board for any reason, what do they do? Noah mentioned this is in the bylaws: Can write letter to the board, Can stop paying dues and leave (automatic departure). Then the board will do a special meeting to select a new officer in that spot. Also the members can remove a board member/officer, and this removal motion needs to propose a replacement. 

Vera wants to know the "job description" for each officer role. 
* **President** – Makes sure everyone else is doing their job. Writes letters to the membership on how we’re doing.
* **Vice President** – Learning how to be the President, steps in while P is on vacation. 
* **Secretary** – Take notes at meetings, create cohesive notation of all decisions we’ve made at meetings or not at meetings (decided between board members), file paperwork with secretary of state to list directors, any other annual filings, keeping track of all of Altspace paperwork – insurance, bank account, loan, list of members. Some of this could be electronic but that’s not designed yet. Default is paper.  
* **Treasurer** – In charge of accounts, files taxes (or makes sure they’re filed by accountant). Has access to bank account, gives access to others who need it, make sure use of money is in compliance with AltSpace needs.

Aiden asked if list of current members would be gleaned from PayPal. Noah said actually he made a current list that’s in a Google Doc. Most people pay on PayPal, but some people pay cash or check, so those wouldn’t show up on PayPal. Noah has done the filing for this year.
**Aiden volunteers to be secretary!**

Mars made a life decision and thinks he might need to exit the board. He bought a sailboat in North Carolina to fix up and live on! He still loves and wants to support AltSpace, but can’t really help after the end of October. He doesn’t know how we feel about that. Noah is happy for Mars to stay on the board even under those circumstances. Mars is happy to be connected to AltSpace, to help with disasters, but not able to be consistently available for meetings. Noah confirms that a non-officer board position would be a good fit for Mars. He mentions that that kind of position would be possible for Vera too. 

Vera says treasurer too much for her but she could take on Vice President for now, though she’s not sure about automatically becoming President next year. 

Noah says he can be president and Treasurer. And he could change bylaws to remove being Vice President. And discussed some other details.

So, officially: 
* Noah will be Vice President and Treasurer
* Vera will be President
* Aiden is Secretary

Vera is still interested in more detailed job descriptions, especially hers. 
Right now Noah is the shop manager, so if she sees things that are a problem she lets Noah know. 
The only real responsibility of the president is to roll a dice at meetings when there’s a tie. Otherwise it’s being the voice to the membership. 
Noah says her only job for now can be trying to make people sign up for the board.

Noah will contact Kevin, who missed the meeting today, to let him know about this. 

Votes for officers: 
* 4/4 votes for Aiden as secretary
* 4/4 votes for Noah vice president 
* 4/4 votes for Noah treasurer
* 4/4 votes for Vera president

## Rates
Noah proposes we make $250 the new rate for Pro membership – 4/4 yes

Basic rate moved to $65 for voting? – 4/4 yes

Vera says she thinks it could be a little more expensive than $50. Noah says he chose the $50 rate for Basic members because they were 2/3 of the membership and we didn’t have pros at beginning of COVID. Now we’re saying your $50/person

Keep supporter name your own price? 3 of 4 board members say Yes

## Bylaws
* Bylaws proposed to membership? – 4/4 yes
The bylaws are in email but once ratified these will be posted on our website. 
First 3 years, board members can make changes by 2/3 vote. After 3 years the membership needs to vote on changes to the bylaws.

## Insurance
*  Accept staying Insured – 4/4 votes, yes
* Extra liability personal board insurance – 0/4 votes (though Vera seemed a little on the fence; can vote again in January)

## Protocols/Organization
****** is code of the safe at Altspace (bythe back door)
Membership list is in the safe. Pro member waivers are there. (Not as up-to-date as he’d like; Aiden might update)
Volunteers/Scholars are in there too, and Basic members.
Also in the safe: Gigantic stack of “not members but have waivers”. All previous member waivers are good for if they sue us or other purposes.
Also a list of members who we might want to not have as members ever again. No reasons mentioned there but there are notes in the Google Sheet. (Called “Possibly not”)
Potential member waivers – filled out a waiver but never joined. He historically has kept them around for 3-4 months and went through to contact recent folks to see if they want to sign up. But then shred them after a while to protect their confidential information.

Other system is Pay Rent in Cash box. Noah was going to give keys to other board members. This box also holds keys to garages. 

## Oberon
Has been in the space since he was kicked out. Don’t think he’s been in the space since we changed the locks. Aiden says he’s not a problem right now; wait til he makes contact again. Aiden was worried about it because he wanted things from us. Noah said he needs to provide detailed list of what is his, and proof that it was his. He hasn’t provided that.  

## Other notes
Vera wants to figure out where to electronically track our documents etc. 
* INW had Google Drive and our stuff is on there.
* Aiden doesn’t like Google and Noah happy to go away from it. 
* Vera is happy with Wave Accounting, and it’s free. 

Other agenda items?
**Wet walls for winter?** Vera asked if this will be a problem this year. Noah says he hopes that the renovations are good for this. Alternately, this is a courtyard overflow issue that Ron needs a french drain for. So we’d wait til after signing a new lease to ask for a solution to this. 

Long-term, if Ron doesn’t kick us out but he seems iffy on Altspace, maybe we could buy the second **Coyote Central lot** from them. If Altspace dissolves for some reason, the assets currently go to INW. But if we bought their lot we could give assets to Coyote Central. 

Long-term if we get kicked out, we could move elsewhere. We make money now. Noah recently made an address sign for Ron so maybe that gives us better relationship.  

Mars says he’s impressed with the revenue. He hasn’t seen Altspace thrive quite so well. Noah says he doesn’t feel like he’s done anything special but hopefully putting together the bylaws will help keep whatever we’re doing well, going.

Vera asked **what’s going on with the north space.** Noah said that we’re pulling 4,600 now. But we’d need 7,000 or 8,000 revenue to afford the back space too. And Ron would like to rent these spaces together. Noah would like to rent it with a buffer. We’re in “wait and see” mode now though.
