## 2021-11-01 Member's Meeting

Minutes recorded by: **Aidan**

Members in attendance: **8 Individuals**

---

Altspace Meeting Minutes 11/1/2021 
8 members attended and noted the following
- Val will be in charge of the scholarship program
- Heat in altspace is not yet a thing as the base heaters are broken. People bringing in space heaters is welcome but risky if someone leaves theirs on.
- Michael will set up a temperature probe
- Membership meetings should stay primarily virtual even beyond the pandemic because that is easiest for the membership who are scattered across the state and more. A proposal may be made to create a better tech solution to have a hybrid virtual and in person approach in the space. 
- A whitelist of common supplies should be solicited from the membership of which any member can purchase an amount of for the space and be reimbursed by the treasurer without needing a vote at a membership meeting

Additionally, the 8 present members voted on the following:
- Unanimous vote to discard the vending machine. Michael will put it on craigslist
- Unanimous vote to approve a 500 dollar investment in putting an antenna on top of altspace for Open Connectivity Lab
- Unanimous vote to approve up to 500 dollars in networking equipment for Edward to use in setting up a network at altspace

Topics including Calendly integrations and woodshop conflicts were punted to the next meeting as affected members were not present.

Special thanks to Michael Kirk and Edward for committing to follow up on several points voted on by membership present at the meeting.
