## 2021-07-05 Member's Meeting

Minutes recorded by: **Noah**

Members in attendance: **Ankur, Aidan, Yossi, Marshall, Noah, Dan, Kevin**

---

Many thanks to Ankur, Aidan, Yossi, Marshall, Dan, and Kevin for making it to the meeting last night!

We voted 6/7 to buy the stuff in the linked proposal plus new air filters for the wen air handler in the main garage, a new fence for the miter saw in the wood shop, a raspberry pi for the delta 3d printer and a new mainboard for the  printrbot metal. With the battery deal Jason identified I think the total should still be around $1000. I will endeavor to start acquiring these things for us. If anyone has any ideas for which free power tools we should acquire with our batteries let me know, otherwise I will probably just get a couple more power drills.

We also discussed COVID restrictions and were all of the opinion that allowing guests back into the space at this point is probably not problematic. If you have any concerns about it please speak up, otherwise I think we should tentatively re-allow guests at this point and vote on a more in-depth re-opening plan at our next meeting on August 2nd.

Thanks everyone for all your hard work!
