## 2021-10-04 Member's Meeting

Minutes recorded by: **Aidan**

Members in attendance: **11 Individuals**

---

**Meeting Minutes: Member's Meeting 10/4/2021**
- 11 Individuals attended with up to 9 at any given time
- GAME NIGHT THIS FRIDAY AT ALTSPACE AT 5PM!

**Members discussed the following information:**
  - We will be at the Bellingham Maker Fair with stickers and a sign
  - There are currently 5 members on the Altspace board, and we are looking for more. Talk to Noah for more information.
  - We currently have 4 officers elected from the board:
    - Treasurer (Noah)
    - VP (Noah)
    - Secretary (Aidan)
    - President (Vera)
    An informational post about the board and its officers will be made soon
  - In order to do something with the vending machine we will need to come up with a proposal and vote on it at next meeting
  - We are reaching capacity for pro spaces but may be able to get another one together.
  - Several members expressed interest in having the north space back. It was agreed that we would need to be able to cover the additional rent. Additionally we are month to month right now and should be seeking a more proper lease.
  - Our current margin is somewhere between 1000 and 500 a month.

**Additionally, the members present voted on the following:**
  - Spending up to 100 dollars to replace all 5 blast gates for the dust collector (approved unanimously, parts list sent to Noah)
  - Replacing a set of planar blades for up to 90 dollars (approved unanimously)
  - Andrew is authorized to replace organizers in the woodshop with french cleats (approved unanimously)
