## 2021-05-03 Member's Meeting

Minutes recorded by: **Noah**

Members in attendance: **Kevin, Ankur, Matthew, Andrew, Craig, Era, Ken, Noah**

---

Many thanks to Kevin, Ankur, Matthew, Andrew, Craig, Era, and Ken for attending the meeting last night! The hybrid meeting with the new equipment worked pretty well.

When using the new door please make sure to close it securely behind you. The door closer cannot be relied on to fully shut the door. (If anyone wants to mess with it feel free, the pin that can be used to set the level of tension seems to be bent and stuck in its current position). **In the meantime, please make sure the front door is fully closed whenever you use it.**

Era offered to head up a team to tackle the ventilation needs of the shop so if anyone else is interested in working on that reach out and we'll get you in touch.

We voted to spend ~$60 on a retractable air hose from harbor freight, I'll try to stop by and grab one sometime this week.

We're interested in formalizing a manager position to make sure the space keeps running in a clean and efficient manner. This volunteer position would include a free desk space, booper for the back gate, and possibly other perks. The responsibilities would be basically those laid out in: altspace.wiki/responsibilities.html#space-manager

If anyone is interested in filling this position please speak up!

Let's plan to have an official vote on this issue and make the role available at our next meeting on January 2nd.

Many thanks to Ken and Ankur for moving all the stuff out of the public hallway! That is no longer something we need to worry about.

It sounds like many people will be out of town for some or all of the holiday season so we weren't able to get any good coordination at the meeting about ongoing build-out and organizing efforts this month, but if you're around definitely feel free to plug away at something and coordinate on here or in the discord.

Thanks everybody and happy December!
