## 2023-08-07 Member's Meeting

Minutes recorded by: **Michael Kirk**

**5** Members in attendance: **Noah Tippett, Michael Kirk, Will Collins, Matthew McKenzie, Matthew Chang**

---

## Will: wants a free metal lathe.

Conext: a couple weeks ago, Tony posted on discord that SnoCo  (in Everett) is trying to get rid of their 42" metal lathe. The conversation in Discord kind of fizzled, so Will re-posed the question: Do we want it?

We discussed some concerns - primarily safety, tool damage, and space.

To address safety and tool damage, we decided the tool should be yellow tagged, to enforce that training happens before it's used.

Regarding space in the metal shop, it's tight, but it seems like we could fit it either in the NE corner by scooching over the welding machines or on the south wall by downsizing the breaker table.

If it's not useful we can resell / regift it.

No one at the meeting was opposed to getting it, and a couple people (Will and Noah) expressed positive interest.

ðŸ‘· TODO: Will needs someone with a truck and some spare hands to help move from Snohomish. (post-meeting UPDATE: Will may have a line on a truck...)

## Matthew (MSM): reminded the group we have computers to sell.

We still have pretty much all the computers we obtained from the shutting-down architecture firm a few months ago.
A few are being used in the space, and Matthew Chang is going to set one up in his pro-space.
We previously agreed that we could sell the extras for fundraising, but no one has yet.
Attendees expressed being open to selling them in bulk if it makes it easier.

## Matt (Chang): talked about paid storage options.

In general, storage is not free, because it takes up space that other people could be using.
e.g. Alex paid for his under-the-stairs storage (thank you Alex!) and Will pays for his tub storage (thank you Will!).

A day or two is OK, but longer term personal storage needs to be negotiated with the organization. We've got a couple of options including a pro-space, a half-pro-space, individual tub storage.
Talk to the space manager (Matt Chang) or ask on discord/mailing list to work something out.

## Will: proposed building paid storage shelves along the western (narrow) mezzanine

The standard tub-size, 3 tubs high, could fit up to 9 tubs wide. This would cost about $200 in materials.

## Michael: is going to organize shelf building

The meeting (including MSM, board member) approved spending up to $400 to build out shelves and a railing.

ðŸ‘· TODO: Michael will coordinate with other members to make it happen (hopefully I can just steal Will's design, and find some members to help with construction ðŸ¤ž).

## Noah: What's up with our access system?

Every so often our door access system poops the bed and just leaves the door unlocked. It seems to be a bug in our door lock software/firmware.

Noah has a theory that, in the meanwhile, we can avoid the issue by resetting the system every so often, which he did tonight at the meeting.

ðŸ‘· TODO: Matthew (MSM) is working with the vendor to apply a proper fix.

## Michael: wants to know what people cover at orientation.

Altspace is different from a lot of other places, so it's important to give new members the right idea. We brainstormed some essential things to cover:

 - tag system (red/yellow/blue or untagged)
 - exterior door: there's a little jiggle dance you have to do to get it open. Have them try.
 - lock up when you leave
 - Ask the new member what project(s) they are pursuing so you can give them any specific tool orientations relevant to them.
 - There is no one responsible for cleaning up your messes except yourself, so clean up after yourself + an extra 20%.

ðŸ‘· TODO: Michael is going to add this to the wiki

## Matthew (MSM): committed to bring a marketing plant to the next meeting.

Matthew wants to discuss membership growth goals and strategy.

ðŸ‘· TODO: Matthew will bring a plan to discuss next month.

## Will: wondered where a good spot to get metal scrap would be.

Noah had a couple suggestions, but they weren't open to the public.
No one else had any ideas.

## Matt (Chang): wants to host a t-shirt screen-printing party.

We have a screen.
Additionally, we'll need at least:
- ink
- design
  - Noah has the "impossible triangle" graphic source 
- supplies for printing the design onto the screen (photo resist or something?)

ðŸ‘· TODO: Matt's gotta pick a date and publicize.
