## 2023-06-05 Member's Meeting

Minutes recorded by: **Michael Kirk**

4 Members in attendance: **Matt Chang, Maxx, Michael Kirk, Noah**

---

## Noah: filed our federal taxes. ðŸ’¸

Noah successfully filed last three years of federal taxes.

We may be liable for a fine for the filing delays, but Noah requested an exemption.
Noah mentioned *worst case* would be something like $10/day up to $10k, but given we're such a small organization that seems unlikely.

(https://www.irs.gov/payments/failure-to-file-penalty says the max penalty is 25% of your taxes, so it seems like it'd be much less than that if they decide to fine at all)

- ðŸ‘· TODO Noah: Official change of address form
- ðŸ‘· TODO Noah:  Washington state taxes
- ðŸ‘· TODO Michael: Business license renewal (update board members).

## Michael: noted meeting attendance is sparse.

It'd be nice to have more people at the meetings. We talked about some ways to have automated reminders and to solicit agenda items.

- ðŸ‘· TODO michael: set up calendaring system to remind himself to broadcast via email/discord ~5 days before the meeting and the day before the meeting.

## Noah: reported the video conference link is broken.

We used to have a stable link to our video conference / virtual meeting at aloha.altspaceseattle.com. It's currently broken so we've been using an adhoc solution in the meanwhile. Michael may have broken it while updating our website ssl (sorry!).

It's partially a custom piece of software written by Noah.

- ðŸ‘· TODO michael: going to "take a look" and probably ask Noah for help if he gets stuck.

## Maxx: wants to tweak the layout upstairs.

Maxx proposed swapping the electronics+3-d printers with the sewing area, so that the soldering and 3-d printers can be closer to potential ventilation access along the North wall.

- ðŸ‘· TODO maxx: follow up w/ Matt Mackenzie (@msm) who's been actively organizing the upstairs space.

## Maxx: is going to donate a workbench.

Maxx has a 48"x32"ish workbench on wheels and offered to donate it. We thought it was a good idea. Noah is going to provide a truck and they're going to move it into the space this weekend.

- ðŸ‘· TODO maxx and noah: get that bench in!

## Michael: wants to sell excess computers for fundraising.

We were recently donated a bunch of tools and desktop PC's (like 18?).
Some are being, or will be, put to good use around the space, but we're unlikely to utilize all of them.

Michael thinks we should sell the remainder.
No concerns raised by the group, but it was noted we could probably get more money selling them individually vs. taking the entire lot to e.g. RE-PC.
Though it might make sense to offer a bulk discount.

- ðŸ‘· TODO Michael: Post some computers on craiglist/offerup/w.e.

## Michael: realized we have a functioning phone.

Just dial 1-87-SPACE-ALTS!

Michael was surprised when the phone in the space rang and answered it and it was a real person calling for a tour. Apparently Dan fixed the phone recently. Thanks Dan!

Long ago (at the cherry st. location?) there used to be a failover, so if no one answered the phone, it'd roll over to a members cell phone, but that no longer seems to be in place.
We could set that up again, but no one stepped up to bottom line this.

- ðŸ‘· TODO "someone should": set up phone failover system. Maybe a pager-duty style rotation to spread the burden.

## Matt Chang: wants to set up a pottery corner

Matt wants to set up a pottery station with our potters wheel.
It might be especially good for people who can't operate within Seattle Artist League's hours.
No concerns raised by the group.

## Maxx: is concerned about dust upstairs.

Maxx suggested hanging some sheets or other dividers.
No specific plan of action was proposed, but it seemed like a good concept with no objections raised.

