## 2024-06-03 Member's Meeting

Minutes recorded by: **Michael Kirk**

**12** Members in attendance: **Andrew, Chuck, Dan, Greg, Kevin, Matt Chang, Matthew McKenzie, Michael, Noah, Rahul, Roberto, Will**

---

### Greg: Wants to fix or get rid of broken equipment.

* ðŸ‘· Dan volunteered to triage the metal shop.

### Greg: Hot work permit needs updating, expires June 8

It costs more for a 5-9 machine permit than a 1-4 machine permit.
Noah suggested that the limit might refer to __concurrently__ running.
It's never the case that we have more than 4 machines running concurrently at altspace â€”
We probably don't even have the circuits for that â€” so maybe the smaller permit is sufficient for us.

* ðŸ‘· (Matt McKenzie?) is dealing with the permit process

### Greg: wants to clarify policy on how long we keep peoples things here.

Storage at altspace is not free. If you are paying for a pro-space, you get
some dedicated storage, otherwise if you are keeping things at the space for
longer than a few days, you need to be paying
for a storage bin ($10 a month, see
<https://altspaceseattle.com/memberships-rates/>).

Noah said that historically there was a 6 months abandonment policy at which
point things become property of the space.

You should still reasonably try to contact people if the property is labeled
before claiming it or getting rid of it.

No action items were committed to.

### Greg: Noted there is some open space.

Greg did some re-organizing and now there is some open space over by the sewing
area above the metal shop. He's wondering if people have ideas for what to do with that space.

No action items were committed to.

### Greg: Said we could buy some (~$200) hardware to get the plasma cutter up and running.

People seemed generally in support of this, but no action items were committed to.

### Greg: Moved the 3-D printers to the mezzanine.

* ðŸ‘· Greg is triaging to get rid of redundant machines. Maybe the rest can be scavenged for parts.

### Greg: Solicited input on ink for the plotter printer.

* ðŸ‘· Greg is going to buy some printer ink.

### Greg Wants to install a security camera on the building

Chuck mentioned that a motion control light might be a good deterrent.

No action items were committed to.

### Greg: Mentioned hosting a vending machine somewhere in the building.

Possibly this could be the vending machine that Matt Chang removed from the old space.

Michael doesn't want that machine inside our space again because it's very
large and sat unused at the old space for years. He's fine with it being
somewhere else in the building if the landlord is on board.

* ðŸ‘· Matt Chang is going to follow up with Sam (landlord) directly about putting his machine somewhere in the building.

### Noah: wants clarity on where the "official" communication happens.

The context is that during cleanup, someone got rid of something that he wanted to keep.

Historically there is an email list, but it gets very little traffic (less than a message a month).

Noah voiced that discord is not a good interface for him.

* ðŸ‘· Michael is going to email the list to let them know that most conversation is happening on discord.
* ðŸ‘· Rahul is going to investigate some kind of bot to email out digests

### Some people talked about changes they want to make to the website.

A lot of different ideas were spitballed.

Michael or Noah can facilitate access to the webserver if someone wants to make changes to the site.

Greg said that Ian might be interested in working on the website.

No action items were committed to.

### Greg: Talked about how our paypal fees are high.

Noah mentioned: Maybe long term members can pay through direct deposit or automatic checks to avoid the transaction fees.
Andrew (former treasurer): Pushed back, saying the fees aren't that significant, and the convenience of paypal is worth it.

No action items were committed to.

### Rahul: is going to explore setting up a different wiki site

Editing the current wiki isn't easy for folks not comfortable with github. Maybe a more approachable option exists?

Andrew cautioned against the perils of long term maintenance. One bonus of the current wiki is that it is a statically generated site, hosted by and edited through github.
So it doesn't need any hosting maintenance and we don't have to worry about getting hacked like the Seattle Library from some outdated wordpress plugin or whatever.

Andrew recommended avoiding any per-user credentials or anything else predicated on maintaining a central active member management system due to the ongoing maintenance burden.

* ðŸ‘· Rahul is going to look at our options.

### Matthew is extending a shared circuit into the metal shop.

A few months ago, one of the metal shop circuits failed (Circuit C).

The circuit used by the lazer engravers is nearby and seems like it has capacity, so he's going to wire that into the metalshop as a stopgap.

James (the facilities manager) might be able to look at Circuit C at some point, but MSM doesn't want to overburden him.

Andrew mentioned maybe we could run a new circuit to the breaker box. Once we run to the box, we'd need James to do the hookup from there, but allegedly that's relatively simple for him.

* ðŸ‘· Matthew is going to extend circuit G into the metalshop
* ðŸ‘· Andrew is going to follow up w/ James about adding a new circuit to the box.

### Matthew McKenzie (treasurer) gave a treasurer's update

Currently:
- 97 members!
- $10,000 in the bank!
- $1,500/month in the black!

Matt suggested converting "supporters" into "general members" and preventing turnover as ways to grow revenue.
Noah cautioned against growing the membership without bound. At some point scaling problems will prevent the space from operating effectively.

