## 2024-12-02 Member's Meeting

Minutes recorded by: **Michael Kirk**

**???** Members in attendance: **Matthew McKenzie, Noah, Erick, Will, Andrew, Greg Lucas, Matt Chang, Kevin Friberg, Michael Kirk**

---

## Agenda

### Greg: Fire permit is resolved
payment made, application submitted, inspection, 

Fire extinguishers need to be recharged, Greg is part way through recharging them.

Greg: Do we want to sign up for the recharge subscription?
Greg: Laws for fire extinguisher signage?
Noah: We have a fancy co2 extinguisher, which is expensive to charge, but can be used on electronics.

### Greg: Bought new drill battery packs

### Greg: Young users in the future

Maybe we could account for this with the design of the new location - e.g. keep the safer tools in one section, like the 3d printing and CAD stuff. Probably there are insurance implications.

### Matthew: Design of the new space

James and ??? asked us if we'd be interested in having a sit-down with the architects and seeing how we can make the space work for us.
We'd give them some kind of wish list, and they'd see what they could/couldn't accommodate.

- Power, plumbing, street front access

### Greg: Some orgs have a more incubator style model

Allows them to more easily get donations from bigger corps, e.g. Boeing / Microsoft.

### Matthew: There will be an interim time between the old space and the new space

demolition is scheduled for Q1.2027

3-6 months where this space is being demo'd and the new space is being set up.

So we'll probably have to move twice. Maybe equinox can provide storage for the interim?

Greg: maybe a keep a minimal woodshop/metalshop somewhere.
Noah: tool library model? Or some other less.

### Noah: board elections coming up in January

Nominate yourself if you want to be on the board!
