## 2025-01-06 Member's Meeting

Minutes recorded by: **Michael Kirk**

**9** Members in attendance: **Noah Tippett, Matt Chang, Al Tempelton, Dan (beckythecat), Matt McKenzie, Greg Lucas, Rahul Gupta-Iwasaki, Daniel S., Michael Kirk**

---

## Agenda

### Matt McKenzie: Let's add Al to the board.

Al's been consistently helpful and proactive about improving the space. Let's add Al as a board member.

8 yes, 1 no (I think the nay was joking, but in the end it didn't matter).

### Daniel S: is reducing entropy in the metalshop

Tossing scraps that are unlikely to be used, including the bedframe. We did learn that bed frames are typically hardened steel, so potentially useful, but no one had an imminent use for it justifying its storage.

Noah's going to take some measurements and get a truck to remove the plamsa table.

### Daniel S. + Al: are triaging the Island of Lost Toys.

The pile of random big tools in the middle of the floor is growing.

- Jet jointer: has a new home lined up.
- Jet planer: is severely damaged, and probably not worth fixing - probably the best thing is to scrap it.
- Powertex planer: not being used, taking it to second use
- What's up with the multifunction drillpress (tagged by Chris Williams)? Potentially useful, but there's no currently space for it in the metal shop. Let's see what happens once some space is cleared.

### Daniel S.: Thinks (optional) training would be nice

Stressed that a regularly scheduled event that attendees could just show up for would be more successful than 1v1 scheduling.

Lucas mentioned that pairing that with shop cleanup or other tasks could be a way to spend time if no trainees show up for training.

Noah: We used to have open houses. It also served as a way to attract new members.

Matthew: Let's set up a shared calendar for volunteers to sign up for these regular shifts.

The initial goal tossed around was at least 1 weekend and 1 weekday evening a month. There was much head nodding to the idea of a Third Thursday and Second Sunday training open house.

Michael: will share out a calendar link for people to sign up. Noah alluded to an existing calendar we could use - I've asked him but am waiting for the link.

### Greg: wants an update about meeting with the new space architect

Background: Our current building will be demolished, currently scheduled for 2027Q1.
Our landlord intends to re-home us in his upcoming development.
In fact, he wants to include us in the design process (to an extent) to see if anything can be done to tailor the construction to our use.

Matthew: No update yet, but I'll let you know when we have something locked in.

### Greg: What's up with the (lack of) heater?

Matthew: I submitted a ticket to landlord about getting our heat hooked up, but it hasn't happened. At this point it probably makes sense to just let it go, since we'll be out in one more winter.

### Rahul: Do we still want a discord <-> email bridge?

Only Noah weighed in: Yes! Noah doesn't use discord - only email.

