# Responsibilities

## Everyone in the space

Clean up your own messes, put away tools, leave the space 20%
nicer/better/cleaner than you found it.

Treat the space as if you own it, not in the sense of your own private
workshop, but in the sense of a small business you co-own that you want to be
attractive to your peers (customers).

Be friendly and courteous to other users of the space. Know and follow [the
rules](https://www.altspaceseattle.com/alt-rules/). Try to resolve
interpersonal conflicts without escalation, but bring problems to a board
member or manager if necessary.

Use the space safely and responsibly, teach other users about safety in a
respectful manner if you see unsafe activities or behavior.

Attend monthly member meetings, make your voice heard on the mailing list or in
the chat, think about ways the space could function better and share your input
with the community.

## Board of directors

Take responsibility for implementing the will of the membership while ensuring
the space’s operational needs are met.

Attend the annual board meeting in early January.

Attend other ad-hoc board meetings as required.

Officiate member meetings when available.

Mediate member disputes if they arise.


## Officers of the board

Officers have a 1-year term and will next be selected from active board members
in January, so first nominate yourself to the board now if you're interested in
doing one of these jobs:

### President of the board

Write letters and deliver reports to the membership about the health, status,
and future plans of the space.

Act as a voice for the membership, ensuring the board takes actions that have
positive impacts for the membership.

Make sure the operations of the space are being performed in a competent
manner.

### Vice president of the board

Stand in for the president when the president is unavailable.

Help the president achieve their tasks.

Purchase insurance for the space.

### Secretary of the board

Take minutes at the annual board meeting and at other meetings as necessary.

File annual paper work with the Secretary of State.

Organize and manage the space’s paperwork, board minutes, membership roster,
and waivers.

### Treasurer of the board

Manage the space’s accounts. Keep and organize receipts and invoices.
Provide funds as necessary to accommodate authorized purchases for the space
Provide the board and the membership with reports regarding the space’s financial health and budget.
File annual tax returns.

## Space manager

This isn't a board position, but a bunch of tasks that must be done:

Act as a conduit of information between members <=> the board <=> the public as
well as altspace’s landlord and other vendors.

Answer emails from the public, answer the phone if no one picks up, give tours
and represent the space. Onboard new members.

Manage the mailing list.

Manage and collect payments from the membership, "go to the bank" from time to
time.

Ensure the space is running in a clean and efficient manner.

Renew [annual fire permit and fire extinguishers](fire_permit.md).


Periodically inspect and test safety equipment.

Restock [first aid supplies](first_aid.md).

Acquire and restock consumables.

Fix or arrange to fix broken tools.

Coordinate use of the space for events, pro spaces, oversize materials, and
member storage.

